
DAY 1 TASK;

1.Write a blog on difference between HTTP 1.1 vs HTTP 2
 
  Solution:
   
   HTTP 1.1 : 1. Internet speed was low when compared to HTTP 2.0
              2. It is a text protocol which are intended to be read by human
			  3. It compresses data by itself
			  4. For every TCP connection, request should be made
			  5. It uses request resource inilining for getting multiple pages
			  6. Example: Time taken to load an image in HTTP 1.1 takes 5 sec.
			  
   HTTP 2.0 : 1. Internet speed is much faster and reliable than HTTP 1.1
              2. It is a binary protocol that are intended to be read by a machine than a human being
			  3. It uses Hpack for data compression
			  4. It is a multiplex protocol which means parallel requests can be made over the same TCP Connection
			  5. It uses server Push to populate data in a client cache
			  6. Example: Time taken to load an image in HTTP 2 takes just 2sec whereas HTTP 1.1 takes 5 sec.
			  
			  
2. Write a blog about object and its internal representation in javascript

  Solution:
  
    1. JavaScript is an object oriented programming language which reduces memory consumption and makes the programming effective  
    2. It has special features like Encapsulation,Polymorphism,Interitance
	
	Objects internal representation:
	
	1. Generally, an object is accompanied by a class that defines an object's blueprint and consists of collection of properties, methods,etc
	2. Firstly, we create a class with a class name 
	3. Next, we create an object by writing the new keyword and assign a reference variable for it to access
	4. We initialize a javascript object by using constructor 
	5. this keyword is used inside the constructor to print the freshly created object value
	6. And, we write the values for the constructor parameter and initialize the objects field
    7. Finally, the constructor call is made and the values get printed

    Access specifiers: 
	
	1. Getters: Getters are used to call a method inside the class and get the objects value
	2. Setters: Setters are used to modify the value of an object which was already defined
	
			  
   